which means that it's absorbing more of its own goods.
And I think that's just a trend that it will continue.
I think they just need to think about whether I still come back to this model issue,
because just 80 cities in China do 80 cities really all need to do EVs.
Do they all need to do solar panels because it's a policy?
So there is too much competition because there's a lot of resources developing on one thing.
So rather than doing the same thing, they should find how to do complementary things as well.
So there are lots of things in the economy that can still be adjusted to address this problem.
There seem to be a lot of focus on stimulating domestic demand in particular on consumption side.
And actually just several days after the National People's Congress, China rose out a very comprehensive plan on stimulating the consumption.
So can you discuss a little bit about that?